# button-buzzer-game

Two button:
The purpose of this was to create a fun class activity for a presentation, so I used my knowledge of computer engineering to make this: a simple game with two buttons, an OLED display (my first time using it, so it was a good learning experience), and a buzzer. The game was supposed to be triggered by sending a message to the Arduino via serial input, and when it receives the message, the OLED starts a countdown, and once the countdown is finished, a BUZZ! screen appears, allowing users to press the button, and whoever presses it first will get a screen indicating that it is their turn to answer the question, and their LED will light up (LED lights when they press the button / when it is their turn). There is a feature that detects if the button is pressed during the countdown, and will say on the screen if someone presses too early, preventing people from just spam pressing the button before the countdown. The buzzer adds nice sound effects. We later had a change in idea for an activity so this circuit was later modified to a 4 button buzzer game.

Four button:
Update to the 2 button buzzer project above, but uses a Nano and has 2 additional buttons. The LEDs also light up when it is their turn (utilizing pinMode switching), and also getting rid of the Serial monitor, opting to replace it with one master button to control operations. I also had to figure out how to power the Nano (Vin), as this was my first time using it, and had to design it to make it easily portable, spaced well, and durable, as I would have to carry it to school. This circuit was a culmination of a month’s worth of work from time to time, and it has taken a long time to perfect it.
